Draft for oe_allocator_mallinfo proposal (#3410)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/DesignDocs/Mallinfo.md

Precedents
------

- dlmalloc provides a [`dlmallinfo()`](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/3rdparty/dlmalloc/dlmalloc/malloc.h#L307) call exposing various internal metrics.
- tcmalloc has a mechanism to extract and print internal [stats](https://github.com/google/tcmalloc/blob/002b4f00d96701cfd43db3546cdeb63eb35d244e/tcmalloc/page_allocator.h#L56), the older gperftools variant included in the Intel SGX SDK exposes [tc_mallinfo](https://github.com/intel/linux-sgx/blob/c505e6129a8c95852045e5ec8b08b1b230a8952a/sdk/gperftools/gperftools-2.7/src/tcmalloc.cc#L1627)
- mimalloc tracks extensive internal [stats](https://github.com/microsoft/mimalloc/blob/master/doc/mimalloc-doc.h#L307) and can print them out.
- snmalloc tracks extensive internal [stats](https://github.com/microsoft/snmalloc/blob/d900e294243ede0c1f4ccd2f04a8dd6fab78e1ed/src/mem/allocstats.h), but only when USE_SNMALLOC_STATS is enabled. @mjp41 is looking at enabling a small subset of these values more permanently and with a lower performance cost.

Non-Requirements
-----

- This design does not aim to abstract across detailed, allocator-specific information.

Requirements
----

> The design must allow all existing testcases to be modified in such a way that they cover the same functionality but no longer need to use allocator-specific calls and can instead rely on `oe_allocator_mallinfo()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design must allow all existing test cases to be modified in such a way that they cover the same functionality but no longer need to use allocator-specific calls and can instead rely on `oe_allocator_mallinfo()`.
```

Author: Thanks for spotting and fixing those!

The design also aims to make it possible for operators to run an Open Enclave-based service with the same ease as a non-Open Enclave one, with respect to monitoring memory usage and planning initial process allocation accordingly. This is typically done with operating system-level tools which are agnostic to both hardware and specific allocator implementations.

Design
---

Allocators can implement an `oe_allocator_mallinfo()` call:

```
struct oe_mallinfo_t {
  size_t max_total_heap_size;
  size_t current_allocated_heap_size;
  size_t peak_allocated_heap_size;
}

int oe_allocator_mallinfo(struct oe_mallinfo_t * info);
```

> The allocator will set `max_total_heap_size` to the maximum number of bytes it can allocate in total, and `current_allocated_heap_size` to the number of bytes allocated at the moment. `peak_allocated_heap_size` will contain the highest value reached by `current_allocated_heap_size` during execturion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The allocator will set `max_total_heap_size` to the maximum number of bytes it can allocate in total, and `current_allocated_heap_size` to the number of bytes allocated at the moment. `peak_allocated_heap_size` will contain the highest value reached by `current_allocated_heap_size` during execution.
```
